During most work, I have been chatting with my group members on discord, asking questions and so forth. 

15/2:
About 10 minutes - Brief meeting with TA regarding our plans for the project. We are considering making a chess game or a minesweeper game. Set up another meeting for next week.

...(during this time, we decided to go for the minesweeper idea.)...

22/2:
About 3 hours -Discussed with the concerning how we will do this. We want to be able to play our game with the mouse. Started reading about how minesweeper works and how we can implement this using haskell. Henrik set up a GitHub repo for the project and I installed GitHub Desktop on my laptop.

23/2
About 3 hours - Continued reading up on gloss, tried installing but didn’t manage to make it work. Had a meeting with TA where we explained our plans. Realized that the deadline is sooner than I previously thought.

24/2
About 3 hours - Discussed with group, looked into a couple of minesweeper clone apps to decide what size playing board to use, since most versions are slightly different. We decided to make it so that the player can choose from different difficulty settings upon launch. Took a quick look at a grid that Henrik made using gloss.

25/2 
About 2 hours - Found a github user who also has made a minesweeper clone. Unfortunately the accompanying text is in russian.

Friday 26/2 
12:00-14:30 - Attempted making some datatypes and simple functions for our project to gain an understanding of how our code should work, decided to use Niklas’ datatypes instead since they look nicer. Started a shared OverLeaf document for the accompanying documentation. 

Saturday 27/2 
13-16 -Successfully installed gloss this time, wrote type definitions for our datatypes and some simpler function specifications. Had some problems with the github repo but made it work later. 

Sunday 28/2 - Continued writing in the LaTeX document, wrote the last 2 entries in this diary since I forgot to do that earlier. Discussed with the group to gain a deeper understanding of what our code does, tried to write some test cases but gave up.

Monday 1/3 - Tried to write some test cases but gave up.

Tuesday 2/3:
10:15 - 10:30 Had a meeting with our TA about our progress, fixed some strange wording in this diary and the LaTeX document.
13:02 - 18:00 (15 minute breaks around 14:40 and 17:00) Continued working on the LaTeX document, added the game rules section and a preliminary introduction. Continued looking into how to get the mouse controls to work together with Henrik, who later succeeded in coding the mouse controls, but we will need to adjust it a bit tomorrow to make it nicer. After we adjust the code for mouseclicks, we will start focusing more on documentation.
19:30-19:40 Chatted with the group about an idea that would give our game a bit more character. 

Wednesday 3/3
12:35 - 13:00 Wrote a few very simple function specifications.
14:15 - 19:05(2 15 minute breaks)
Continued doing work on our LaTeX document, overhauled the structure, added the table of contents, added images and some new subsections. Talked with group about which algorithms are the most important to describe and explain in depth. Improved the structure of the code and added comments to help a reader understand what certain parts of the code does.
